server creates and maintains a list of fixed gameRooms at start.
server then listens on a port.
client and server uses mechanism like websockets for real time messaging (unlike http request-response)

server decides the turn sequence of players when players are in READY STATE.
server sends the turn and playerIDs to all players.
server recieves the roll command from the player whose turn is, rolls the dice and brodcasts
the result to other players in the room.

Player can join in a room when a game round is in progress. 
Player need to send roll dice command on his turn but within a time limit in every round.
Player can leave a game when in progress. Other players need to be informed about it.
Player needs to see the current players, their score, turns, his own score etc in every round.

server recives packets/commands to roll the dice from players in a room.

SERVER GAMEROOM can have the below states when a player joins.

1. JOIN_STATE: when a new player joins, server allocate a room with less than 6 players or 
   if cannot, then creates a new room and assigns it to the new player. The player can move to
   READY_STATE OR WAIT_STATE.
2. READY_STATE:if there are >=2 players in the room, and a round not started. then show dice/prompt and player-IDs to the players and the turn of the players. The results are send to 2 players.

3. WAIT_STATE: if he is the only player in the room, wait for another to join to change to' 
   READY_STATE
4. GAME_STATE: if there are >=2 players, a round is in progress. Players have to respond in a certan time.A new player is shown the current playerIDs, turns,scores. The results of a roll are broadcasted to all players in the room.

CLIENT can recieve following packets about game state and players in the room.

1. when a player joins, he himself gets server state, game info(round,roundstarted,roundlength,scores),players in the room, his playerID.
2. when a player joins, other players gets the info of new player- his playerID, turn.
3. when a player leaves, other players gets the info of player who left- his playerID
4. players also get gamestates when there is a change.
6. When a new round starts, all players are informed 


     
